Extensions docs (#3080)
encode/httpx: docs/advanced/extensions.md

# http11.receive_response_body.started {'request': <Request [b'GET']>}
# http11.receive_response_body.complete {'return_value': None}
# http11.response_closed.started {}
# http11.response_closed.complete {'return_value': None}
```

The `event_name` and `info` arguments here will be one of the following:

* `{event_type}.{event_name}.started`, `<dictionary of keyword arguments>`
* `{event_type}.{event_name}.complete`, `{"return_value": <...>}`
* `{event_type}.{event_name}.failed`, `{"exception": <...>}`

Note that when using async code the handler function passed to `"trace"` must be an `async def ...` function.

The following event types are currently exposed...

**Establishing the connection**

* `"connection.connect_tcp"`
* `"connection.connect_unix_socket"`
* `"connection.start_tls"`

**HTTP/1.1 events**

* `"http11.send_request_headers"`
* `"http11.send_request_body"`
* `"http11.receive_response"`
* `"http11.receive_response_body"`
* `"http11.response_closed"`

**HTTP/2 events**

* `"http2.send_connection_init"`
* `"http2.send_request_headers"`
* `"http2.send_request_body"`
* `"http2.receive_response_headers"`
* `"http2.receive_response_body"`

> * `"http2.response_closed"`

Reviewer: Maybe we shouldn't list all of the supported events here. We should remember to update this list every time we introduce a new event to httpcore. We could simply mention them in httpcore and provide a link here.

Reviewer 2: (an automatic workflow here would also help - mkdocs plugins are easy to implement)

### `"reason_phrase"`

The reason-phrase of the HTTP response, as bytes. For example `b"OK"`. Some servers may include a custom reason phrase, although this is not recommended.

HTTP/2 onwards does not include a reason phrase on the wire.

When no key is included, a default based on the status code may be used.

### `"stream_id"`

When HTTP/2 is being used the `"stream_id"` response extension can be accessed to determine the ID of the data stream that the response was sent on.

### `"network_stream"`

The `"network_stream"` extension allows developers to handle HTTP `CONNECT` and `Upgrade` requests, by providing an API that steps outside the standard request/response model, and can directly read or write to the network.

The interface provided by the network stream:

* `read(max_bytes, timeout = None) -> bytes`
* `write(buffer, timeout = None)`
* `close()`
* `start_tls(ssl_context, server_hostname = None, timeout = None) -> NetworkStream`
* `get_extra_info(info) -> Any`

This API can be used as the foundation for working with HTTP proxies, WebSocket upgrades, and other advanced use-cases.

> See the [network backends documentation](network-backends.md) for more information on working directly with network streams.

Reviewer: I think you meant this here.

```suggestion
See the [network backends documentation](https://www.encode.io/httpcore/network-backends/) for more information on working directly with network streams.
```
